hey then look and he's a good kid I like
him a lot but he doesn't really know
anything when it comes to girls and he
needs someone on his wing a man on his
wing a wing man hey old just go find
some girls and just sit tell her you
know it's her cheeks hate doctors uh-uh
no that's right they actually love them
so my plan here was to get in a bit of
trouble and have an be saved my life
you all right oh oh oh great homework
thank you
oh wow well sorry your doctor no oh you
should be that's why right skills thank
you your whole life is a lucky woman a
very lucky woman I don't have a wife I'm
single find that hard to believe but
crazy
Violeta
Thanks yeah chicks dig the French
yeah card and lots of examples so in a
move I call the sneaky Frenchman I give
Andy a line in French to memorize I walk
past needing someone to translate French
to me
Butterbean butter boom and he is lit
here oh right yeah okay phrase remember
you find yeah they're not gonna buy yeah
I love it
okay I got I bought for one French
dollar
what yeah sorry to interrupt it to any
of you guys speak French the language of
love
it just needs translated for me
something yeah the only time be sneaky
Frenchman doesn't work is when the
target girl speaks French fluently how
do you say I need to buy a crate of
chicken feathers I know it sounds when -
should say what to eat she can get
others it's a difficult language um yeah
he's an ultimate wingman all right you
know the plan are you ready I know the
plan your hands in know why do I have to
take my top off on this one I don't see
that's the secret ingredient
no one will be expecting it we're baking
a hunk cake be my hunk
what do women love more than bravery
toplessness and a fully grown cat how
about bravery toplessness and a kitten
enjoy oh my god sorry can I get a little
help here my kitten is trapped up a tree
my kitten just around the corner
stripped of a tree cuz I'm scared of
heights I can't get up there and get it
can anyone help me he's sorry mate do
you think you could be a hero and yeah
hello please all I'm sorry sorry oh I
can't get up there oh my god oh here it
is
yeah like you rescued my kitten thank
you pleasure so athletic way you really
just jumped up there huh yeah oh man
your wife is one lucky woman I actually
don't have a wife I'm single what really
yes Cheers
single guy just saved my kitten that
single guy with a just say my chin
terrible absolutely terrible
this is never gonna work
alright look it's pretty simple plan you
just start talking to chicks and I'm the
ultimate prop